so you know what time it is
gold and time that's right starting
tonight in fact starting right now
Naruto moves to a brand new time every
Wednesday night at 7:27
hey this is your lucky day I mean night
whether you're a long time devoted fan
or just tuning in for the very first
time so now here to get the party
started is our brand new song geez
Konohamaru what's your problem
can't you see the show is starting it's
seven o'clock Naruto look you're 27
minutes early this is actually the
timeslot for the princess
Oh so without further ado it's Naruto
hey Sakura
Sasuke don't look now but Naruto just
went and opened the show you guys ready
no way I still have my facial mask on do
we even have the video for this episode
now it hasn't arrived yet terrific well
I guess I could do my ninja dance but I
was saving that for next season on
second thought I'll go get the video you
guys will have to fill time think of it
as a mission you can do hmm a mission
huh since you put it that way just leave
it to us sensei you and your big mouth
sometimes I just wanna
that's good keep it up incredibly cool
kakashi here what's the situation
the lovely Sakura here we've been
letting the idiotic Naruto fill time so
how are things going on your end are we
gonna have it in time oh don't worry at
the pace I'm going everything will be
okay I should be there with the video by
the end of the next commercial break I
hope well you better be Kakashi sensei
you are you there
what are we gonna do now it's the end of
the commercial break he's not back yet I
guess it looks like you're just going to
have to fill the time Sakura shut up if
I were you you little okay fine I will
since I guess I have no choice
hey guys sorry I'm late I bumped into a
very cute young lady and naturally she
wanted to go dancing with me Yeah right
you don't believe me hmm anyway I got
the video do I at least get some thanks
for that way to go Kakashi sensei better
late than never
okay let's start the show huh right
after this commercial message